As David Slackman visits fellow witnesses in the hospital,
notice what he considers to be the special blessings of his work.
My name is David Slackman.
I serve as the chairman of the Hospital of the Aeson Committee in a Houston area.
And the thing I like about the Hospital of the Aeson Committee is that
I'm not there for any personal glory.
But rather I'm serving from the standpoint of helping the friends
I get a lot of phone calls.
And sometimes the phone calls may come in the middle of the night.
Sometimes the phone call may come during dinner time.
But I'm serving Jehovah.
I'm serving the friends.
I don't care when it comes.
I just want to help them.
So when the call comes, the emergency is there.
I have this prayerful attitude that I have Jehovah's spirit to assure them
that Jehovah cares for them.
When we're visiting with the patient, the patient is very glad to see us.
And that immediately translates from their viewpoint that Jehovah is with them.
When we leave the hospital and we know that the sister has been comforted by our call,
it calls to mind what the prophet said in Isaiah 40 in verse 11.
It says, like a shepherd, he will care for his flock.
Jehovah does care.
And when we see that's what Jehovah does for the individual sheep
and I'm able to try to imitate that and also at the same time comfort the brother or sister,
that's what gives me the greatest joy.
Brother Slackman has been serving on the hospital liaison committee for 22 years.
Recall that he said his joy comes from imitating Jehovah's love for his sheep.
You and I can feel that same joy and satisfaction anytime we help a brother or sister in need.